>> Mike North: So we can define methods
in the similar way that we do on objects.
Note that there are no commas in between
the different methods, you don't have
commas when you're defining a class as you
do in your defining an object literal.
And there is recently, recently was
added a static keyword if you're using
like the latest babble transforms and
things, this should be available to you.
Where you can create essentially
a function that is attached right to
the constructor,
right to the class itself, and
does not require any
instance to be created.
So note that we were creating a stranger,
and for some reason here,
we've got a random number
that is gonna be generated.
Let's see, person.createRandom, yep, so
the person's name is a random number.
We pass that in, and
what we've done here is we've created,
think of it like an alternate constructor,
right.
Just like we can, our first instance
has to be created by something that's
available on the class in order
to give us this first instance.
We can create static functions to act as
sort of alternate constructors to use in
various scenarios, particularly when
we have some type safety around these,
it becomes even more useful, right?